hello 31 premature babies have been
moved from Al shifa Hospital in Gaza to
Rafa 259 patients remain inside gaza's
largest hospital a un team has visited
the facility describing conditions as
desperate Israeli forces ordered
thousands of people to leave the
hospital on
Saturday has more from the alh imarati
hospital in ra where the premature
babies have been
taken 31 of the premature children that
were in a shifa medical complex have now
reached the emirati hospital in Rafa the
total number of these premature children
was originally 39 but eight of them did
not make it after the Israeli forces
taking over a shifa medical complex had
destroyed the oxygen station and because
of the lack of fuel and the destroying
of all generators and solar panels in a
shifa medical complex there was no
electricity for the incubators of these
premature babies eight of them died and
31 have come here the doctors tell us
that four of them are in severe
condition and as you can see with us at
least every incubator has from three to
four premature children because of the
lack of incubators in this
Hospital the majority of the children
present were clearly exposed during the
last 8 days when they were transferred
from incubators to other departments
that were not prepared to receive them
to Services below the standard required
for them and it's clear that they lost
weight and that there's a clear drop in
temperatures yesterday two of them died
it is clear that some of them suffered
from vomiting diarrhea and blood
poisoning the medical staff here are
pushing to their limits to try to save
these premature children but with the
lack of resources and capabilities the
struggle is great y Al jazer the imarati
hospital in Rafa